Metadata on data frame and column level (#3055)
JuliaData/DataFrames.jl: NEWS.md

* Add `allcombinations` function that returns a data frame created
  from all combinations of the passed vectors
  ([#3031](https://github.com/JuliaData/DataFrames.jl/pull/3031))

> * Add support for `metadata` and `hasmetadata` from DataAPI.jl
>   ([#3055](https://github.com/JuliaData/DataFrames.jl/pull/3055))

Reviewer: Let's be a bit more proud!
```suggestion
* Add support for global and per-column metadata using
  `metadata` and `hasmetadata` from DataAPI.jl
  ([#3055](https://github.com/JuliaData/DataFrames.jl/pull/3055))
```

* New `threads` argument allows disabling multithreading in
  `combine`, `select`, `select!`, `transform`, `transform!`, `subset` and `subset!`
  ([#3030](https://github.com/JuliaData/DataFrames.jl/pull/3030))
* Add support for global and per-column metadata using
  `metadata` and `hasmetadata` from DataAPI.jl
  ([#3055](https://github.com/JuliaData/DataFrames.jl/pull/3055))

> * make `completecases` and `nonunique` return result when data frame with no

Author: the suggestion was incorrect. I changed it to:
```
make `completecases` and `nonunique` do not throw an error when data frame
  with no columns is passed
```
(as after your other suggestion we still throw an error if for data frame that has some columns user selects no columns)

  or older it is an in place operation.
  ([#3022](https://github.com/JuliaData/DataFrames.jl/pull/3022))

## Internal changes

> * `DataFrame` is now a `mutable struct` and has two new fields
>   `metadata` and `colmetadata`; this change makes `DataFrame` objects
>   serialized under earlier versions of DataFrames.jl incompatible with
>   version 1.4

Author: ```suggestion
* `DataFrame` is now a `mutable struct` and has three new fields
  `metadata`, `colmetadata`, and `allnotemetadata`;
  this change makes `DataFrame` objects serialized under
  earlier versions of DataFrames.jl incompatible with version 1.4
```
